hi friends today I'm going to show a
photographer chutney with shallots have
you ever tried a shallots chutney if you
have not tried
please make this very very nice first we
need shallots that is you know small
onions so just you know remove the skin
and keep it ready take a pan and we are
going to add a little bit of oil you can
just add some two teaspoons of oil for
one cup of shallots you can just use one
tomato so first you're going to add the
shallots in the oil and we are going to
first assorted this for two minutes and
then we are going to add the tomatoes so
you can see the onions are little bit
colored and now in this we are going to
add one teaspoon of pure adult and green
chilli and also tomatoes you know one
tomato that is very loose tomato or you
can use a regular tomato also as for
spiciness you can add green chili and
red chilies you know either both you can
add or you can just use any one of the
chilies so this we are going to sort it
for a minute again and we are going to
add some coriander also and some curry
leaves you know this is the best way to
have chutneys you know adding lot of
coriander and curry leaves because kids
or even you know why kids even we don't
like to eat curry leaves we you know
just
remote and throw it out so this is the
best way to feed you know curry leaves
little bit of salt and we are going to
cook this for another two minutes and
then switch off the flame
so after sauteing it for two minutes
you can see the tomato is also nicely
matched and this feature of the flavor
and then we are going to grind it and
make our chutney so this I'm going to
cool it down so this has cooled up now
we are going to transfer into the jar
you need not add any water you can just
grind everything in the last just add
pinch of sugar and little more of salt
and then we are going to grind this
that's it our nice shallots chutney is
ready if you don't have shallots you can
use the regular onions but you can you
know little bit different taste and now
we are going to check the taste you can
see here I have coarsely grinded you can
see little bit of curry leaves and
little bit of green chilies and also
little bit of tomato but the onions the
shallots have totally mashed and just
taste it
hmm dear friends this is totally
different taste and this chutney goes
excellent with idli or even you can have
with you know pesarattu or any type of
dosa or even with rice this goes
excellent so very very nice please try
this and also share it with your friends
so see in another session with some more
recipes